Aphiwe Ayanda Khumalo.

mmmmh how can one go about introducing oneself, well the only thing the world knows for sure is that there is no better way.
Here goes:
          - I am probably one of many people who cannot identify whether they are introverts fully or the reciprocal.
          - I pretty much love coding and doing the 'Cool Stuff' with my computer.
          - Initially I did not pursue coding as a career. I went to university immediately after graduating High school. I honestly had no idea what I was going to do at university even though I had quite a few options.
          One of the moments that I will never forget is the day I set foot in to the grounds of the University of Kwazulu Natal( One of the top universities globally).
          I enrolled (Bsc) in industrial and applied Biotechnology degree(year 2018).
          To cut the story short, I have not graduated due to financial reasons.
          
          One would ask, why mention that when recruiters are interested on your wins and/or virtues. 
          Well one of the important things people want to know in order to make sure they have a fruitful lasting relationship with you is your 'True Self'
          
          I would not say that I looooove school but It makes me happy when I learn something that turns out to be useful in a long run.
          I am very competitive in a way that it doesnt sit well with me to have a problem defeat me, a problem that doesnt even speak(smh).
          I know how to code confidently in the ff:
                 JAVASCRIPT
                 PYTHON
                 REACT
                 HTML(even though..., but you get the point)
                 CSS
                 SASS
          I would love to collaborate with people and create mind blowing projects.
          I am still working on the projects that I want to share here on Github.
          
          Contact me for friendship or collaboration:
                Email--- ---Aphiweayanda74@gmail.com
                linkedin ---https://www.linkedin.com/in/aphiwe-khumalo-a5a13a1b2
                
